# PyWhy meeting notes - 06/06/2022

### Introduction to PyWhy

* Started as collaboration between Microsoft and AWS
* Decided to make it an independent public project → Creation of https://github.com/py-why org
* Goal: General github organization for causality algorithms and libraries
* Everyone should be encouraged to contribute their own code and packages

### Round of introductions and general feedback

* Currently, there is a lack of educational resources about causal inference
* → PyWhy could also be a good place to provide practical insights and educational information about causality
* General interest in how this could be used in practice and how it could add business value
* Should all the code go into DoWhy?
    * There can be multiple packages in the PyWhy org. 
    * If the code is general enough (e.g. a core implementation of certain features), it can be added to DoWhy directly.
    * For more specific use cases, such as causal inference in privacy, this could be a separate package in PyWhy that uses DoWhy.
    * Depends on contributor, for instance, a new causal discovery library could be added as a separate package in PyWhy that is supported in DoWhy
* The current graph support (DAGs) is too limited. Need support for more general graphs (e.g. CPDAGs) for broader range of applications.
* Lack of time series support

### Roadmap and API design

* Introduced [roadmap](https://github.com/py-why/dowhy/wiki/Roadmap)
* Highlight [open discussion](https://github.com/py-why/dowhy/discussions/429) about new API design
* Working on a release that includes new GCM features
    * Expected to be released soon

### Open discussion

* Discussed preferences for future meetings
    * As of now, we stick to having a weekly meeting on Monday in the voice chat
* What would be helpful to start contributing?
    * More resources (e.g. documentation) to get started
    * Basic introduction to causality (e.g. graphical causal models, colliders, do-interventions etc.)
* Would be nice to have an architectural overview of DoWhy (and potentially PyWhy later on).


