# DoWhy meeting notes - 06/13/2022

### 1. How to improve documentation?
[contact: @amitsharma for followup]

* Look at other open source projects, like scikit, numpy, pandas etc. as examples 
* Better organization of contents needed 
* Could add YouTube tutorial videos on how to use the library 
* Creating a separate website 
* Not many educational causal inference resources available
* Having an extra repository in PyWhy to provide educational content could be a solution 
    * Doesn’t necessarily need to be connected with DoWhy 
    * For now, could just be a collection of resources

* Lack of overview of asks or issues users have
    * Can create a poll to get some feedback
    * There might be issues that we are unaware of that prevents users from using DoWhy

### 2. What are the main problems that users are facing with DoWhy?
[@kaibud to create a draft poll]

* Lack of overview of asks or issues users have 
    * Can create a poll to get some feedback 
    * There might be issues that we are unaware of that prevents users from using DoWhy

### 3. Continue discussion to support more types of graphs like CPDAGs, PAGs, etc. 
[@adam to share a draft protocol for different types of graphs] 
[@amitsharma @kaibud to go through @adam's code to understand better]

* What are potential solution to support different graph types?
    * Discussed [an extension of networkx](https://github.com/adam2392/causal-networkx) to support more general graph types
    * Should this be part of networkx or of DoWhy?
        * Arguments in both directions
        * Implementing graph manipulations etc. might not be a good fit for DoWhy itself
* Are there enough use cases/asks for non-DAG support?
    * Lack of insights as of now
* Some default implementations can be used
* Keeping it lightweight: Main focus should be on supporting general protocols that needs to be fulfilled
* Are there reasons for even allowing custom implementations?
    * There might be a new research direction with new types of graphs
    * There are already use cases where users want to use a different graph library
* Many causal discovery algorithms don’t return DAGs, but e.g. CPDAGs
* Potential next step: Come up with a definition for protocols to support graphs beyond directed graphs

### 4. Open discussion

Q: Code base is becoming quite large. Is the goal to keep this or separating it further?

* Definitely planning to have more repositories
* As of now, it is still unclear what kind of separate repositories we will have
    * E.g. different causal discovery algorithms could be a separate repository
    * Or causal representation learning