# PyWhy meeting on 06/27/2022

#### v0.8 release discussion:

* July 15th might be a good release date
* Wait at most 2 months until a new release
* Is code on master considered as “final” and “well tested”?
    * Yes, so lets have less tested code on a branch first before
* Should we introduce feature-flags?
    * Lets keep it simple for now. As the project grows, we will see what is needed.
    * Mark certain issues as ‘important’ and prioritize them accordingly for release.
* Release milestone: https://github.com/py-why/dowhy/milestone/1

#### Update on causal graph API and @adam2392 's discussion with networkx 

* networkx considers to introduce a sub-package for offering causal graphs
* Can we use edge attributes to achieve different graph types?
    * Graph algorithms (e.g. topological sort) cannot be applied to the graph, since it doesn’t utilize the edge attributes without additional modifications
* Having a mixed graph object and see what kind of parts do we actually need there.
    * Then: Define minimal required protocols that would be needed for things like d-separation or m-separation.

#### Update on better docs. 

* Proposal is to follow pandas file organization: Three folders in docs/source/: getting_started, user_guide and development. 
* Looking for volunteers to help out
* @pineapple is willing to help with the documentation

#### Collecting feedback on pain points for applying causal inference

* @kaibud proposal to ask users questions about the pain point of using DoWhy in a google from
    * emrek — The survey form assumes that people already have a strong familiarity with causal methods.
        It would be good to add in some early questions for people who don't have that strong familiarity. (maybe in-line with what Eli is discussing right now)
    * RobertNess —One comment I have is to avoid the word "counterfactual." Firstly, the term is overloaded. Some people think twin-world counterfactuals, others think CATEs where you condition on many things.
    * adam2392 — Perhaps in the “Is your use case related to these tasks?” question add the main parts of the pipeline that pywhy wants to have? - causal discovery/structure learning - causal ID - effect estimation - refutation
    * Feedback: Current questions of the form already assumes some background in the area of causality
    * @EliKling can help @kaibud to define and give feedback on the questionnaire
* Feedback: Need more documentation regarding how to use the library
* Most users typically have problems to map their problem into the right language of causality

#### Discussion about adding auto-causality library to PyWhy

* @egor.kraev will prepare and share a write-up with the contributions, assumptions and justifications of the approaches in auto-causality library
    * Document should be in a form such that people can comment on it, e.g. a google doc
